.TH HCLOUD-SSH-CTL 1 "November 2024" "hcloud-ssh-ctl 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
hcloud-ssh-ctl \- Hetzner Cloud SSH Management TUI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hcloud-ssh-ctl
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B hcloud-ssh-ctl
is a terminal-based user interface (TUI) for managing and executing SSH commands on Hetzner Cloud servers.

It provides an interactive interface for:
.IP \(bu 2
Managing multiple Hetzner Cloud projects with API keys
.IP \(bu 2
Listing and filtering servers
.IP \(bu 2
Managing SSH private keys
.IP \(bu 2
Executing commands on multiple servers in parallel
.IP \(bu 2
Viewing execution results

.SH USAGE
Simply run
.B hcloud-ssh-ctl
to start the interactive interface.

.SS First-time Setup
.TP
.B 1. Add a Project
From the main menu, select "Manage Projects", then "Add/Update Project". Enter your project name and Hetzner Cloud API key.
.TP
.B 2. Add SSH Keys
From the main menu, select "Manage SSH Keys", then "Add SSH Private Key". Enter a name and paste your private key content.

.SS Executing SSH Commands
.TP
.B 1.
Select "Execute SSH Commands" from the main menu
.TP
.B 2.
Choose a project
.TP
.B 3.
Filter and select target servers
.TP
.B 4.
Choose an SSH key
.TP
.B 5.
Enter SSH username (default: root)
.TP
.B 6.
Enter the command to execute
.TP
.B 7.
View results for each server

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.config/hcloud-ssh-ctl/config
Configuration file storing project names and API keys (JSON format)
.TP
.B ~/.config/hcloud-ssh-ctl/keys/
Directory containing SSH private keys

.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration files are stored in JSON format:

.nf
{
  "project-name": {
    "api_key": "your-hetzner-api-key"
  }
}
.fi

.SH DEPENDENCIES
.TP
.B dialog
For the TUI interface
.TP
.B jq
For JSON parsing
.TP
.B curl
For API calls to Hetzner Cloud
.TP
.B pssh
For parallel SSH execution

.SH SECURITY
.IP \(bu 2
API keys are stored with file permissions 600
.IP \(bu 2
SSH private keys are stored with permissions 600
.IP \(bu 2
Configuration directory has permissions 700
.IP \(bu 2
SSH connections currently use StrictHostKeyChecking=no for convenience

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B Start the application
.nf
$ hcloud-ssh-ctl
.fi

.TP
.B Install dependencies
.nf
$ sudo apt-get install dialog jq curl pssh
.fi

.SH ENVIRONMENT
The tool uses the following directories:
.TP
.B $HOME/.config/hcloud-ssh-ctl
Main configuration directory
.TP
.B /tmp/hcloud-ssh-ctl-$$
Temporary working directory (cleaned up on exit)

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
General error (missing dependencies, invalid configuration, etc.)

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to: https://github.com/KamranBiglari/hcloud-ssh-ctl/issues

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kamran Biglari.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 Kamran Biglari. License MIT.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ssh (1),
.BR parallel-ssh (1),
.BR dialog (1),
.BR jq (1)

Online documentation: https://github.com/KamranBiglari/hcloud-ssh-ctl
